* separate button
Cors? S3setting? Show the video (back, front) 10
SoundWavemodule transfer to hls module 10
User could show the analyzed section from server (back, front) 5
User could adjust the section (back, front) 5
User could create the section (back, front) 5
User could delete the section (back, front) 5
User click the discard all, all section was discard (back, front) 5
User click the back button, user could back the action before 10 (front) 5
User click the Separate Button (back, front, design) 10 (expected progress, if user click this button without selection, it should be blocked)

------
* addmusic button
Show separated section at the first row (front) 3
Show suggested soundwave at the second row (back, front) 10 (silent issue)
User could play and pause the suggested music (front, back) 8 (making music box)
User could change the suggested music from server (font, back) 5
User could uploading the music from desktop to server (back, front) 10 (music change to hls)
during uploading the music, user need to know they need to be waited (back, front, design) 5
If user click the analyzed section, the section color was changed to white, and the data is detected from the second soundwave (back, front) 10
If user clicked once, the color of this section is changed to purple. (front) 3 (store the section)
If user click 'delete the section', the color is changed to original and the data is deleted. (back, front) 5
If user click the export button, pop up the export modal (write the file name / dimension / file type.) (back, front) 5
If user click the submit in popup, send the data to server, and comeback to project page. (back, front) 5

-------
* project page
I guess, the video has same title is not uploaded again. (back, front) 5
I guess, First upload has failed. (back, front) 5
User could arrange the data (front) 5 (Alphabet, datamodified, store the state after refreshing)
After uploading the video, Show the Progressing bar (back, front, design) 10 (make progressing bar with design and get data again)
Checking the Exporting Page (back, front, design) 10 (make progressing bar with design and get data again)
If user click the edit icon, the title area is changed to text mode, and user could change the title. (front) 3
If user press enterbutton, the title is modified. (back, front) 3
If user click the delete icon, popup the confirmation message (front) 1
If user click the submit in modal popup, this project is deleted from server, and show the list of project from server again. (back, front) 4

------
* onboarding page
When user scroll down, change the view (front) 0.5
Video is played automatically, and read the main description (design, front) 5 (making new video)
User could play the video want to play section with buttons (design, front) 5 (making new video)
User could use the footer menu (front) 1
User could read the description with photo 1
User could set the coockie policy 5

-------
* temporary login page
User could show the Login form (front) 1 
User could login using e-mail and password (front) 0.5

-------
* Select page
Making UI/UX mockup and user story (design) 3
Create design and making back-end and front-end feature (design, back, front) (10)

-------



-------

Okay. 
I estimate our project basis on user story. 
If this story has no special issues, I usually estimate 5 days.
because, we need to communicate about data structure and networking and sometimes you need to modify the feature, and I'll make the new feature. 

and.. If some story has some issuess as I guess, I usally estimate 10 days. 
because, in this case, we need to think about many things. 
and I wrote the issues on the description area on Jira backlog. you could check it. 

And, I usually didn't assigned if this user story related with multiple person.
if you check the backlog unassigned, you can notice the labels. It's the related part. 

So, I think we just estimate like this. and we can make the 1~2 new sprint every week.
at that time, maybe we can expect what kinds of user story will be planed. 
and we can make the detail task for that. or we can adjust the plan. 

(if you have a lot of work. this week I'll do user story that I can do alone
or, if you check the nextweek, we'll deal with the some user story, you could prepare the task.)

and, Finally, most important thing is.. This is a draft plan from front-end. you can fix it!

-----

-----
Hello, 
I'm sorry to contact with you in early morning. 
I thought about the track selection, It could be possible to make to the whole video selection.
just sharing before your working!

------
and I though about user action, when user click the Separate button, 
Is it start to find the suggest music on the basis of chunk from server?

------
and.. I just share following things you need to consider before estimating.

1. if user wanna to addmusic in silent section on video, we couldn't suggest the music because API could recommend the music basis on sound. 

so, in this case, we could notice to user to upload the music. 

but the problem is, if the chunk of video has small sound or noise, in this case api recommend the music. because, it's also no music case in user side. 

so, we need to consider to suggest the random music playlist to user in case user select the silence section.

It's not sure, Just refere to estimate schedule- . 



=========================
=========================



2. yesterday, we conversation about new page, server could give the 2sound track for new page (user choose the sound from two differenct sound). 
and you siad, server could send 1 mute video and 2 sound track to client side. right?
if we wanna to make the module 1 mute video with several sound track, we need 3 sound track. original sound, vocal sound, accompany sound. 
as I remember, back-end side don't need to make the original sound track before, so I just tell you about this one. 


client-side need to get suggested music list from server to show the suggested music in addmusicpage.
I wonder client side get all suggest music list at once, or get each suggest music list whenever user click the chunk in add music page.


I think user need to wait some time before Api search the music and send the list. isn't it?

한번에 분석되어서, 

---






