// Dev sharing
- many meetings and music swapper is ended
- revise the axis pages


// Music swapper sharing
1. and we found the issue about silent video or section
- the first issue is when user upload the video, It makes the error. 
- the second thing is when user select the silent chunk in separate page, we couldn't recommend the music.
so, in this case, we could notice to user to upload the music. but, we're not making this feature, 
and the other problem is, if the chunk of video has small sound or noise, in this case api recommend the music. because, it's also no music case in user side. 
so, we need to consider to suggest the random music playlist to user in case user select the silence section.

2. uploading issue.
- I'll discuss about this problem (about uploading sound) with designer and Jeongso.


3. rename issue.. is..
- um...


// last meeting
um.. actually, there are some issues that I didn’t share with you.

When I tested the other the sound & video play module, It’s possible to play hls sound on the browser. (video from insomnia url is not played yet.)
But the problem was synchronization (video & sound)  and making sound waves.

1. sync
If we use the hls streaming both of the sides like video and sound, the front-end side couldn’t sync both of them. Because two of them are unstable in streaming.
So, we have to get two videos (original sound and user selected sound in the select page) and play at once I guess.

2. Sound waves
When we use the hls streaming, It just gets a chunk from the server.
So, It’s not easy to make the sound wave at once on the front-end side (because, client side doesn't know the full data). 
So, maybe, I should request the sound wave to the back-end in hls sound situation.
And I also have to test showing the sound wave in the new module. I guess It’s possible.

So, I think this is a quite big chunk. 
I think It’s better to make documentation about the remaining issue rather than developing these kinds of things… What do you think about it?